Resolve 22 ISO comments (#635)
buildingSMART/IFC4.3.x-development: docs/schemas/core/IfcKernel/Entities/IfcComplexPropertyTemplate.md

## Attributes

### UsageName
Usage description of the _IfcComplexPropertyTemplate_.

### TemplateType

> Defines the type of template that may be created by an _IfcComplexPropertyTemplate_.

Reviewer: I propose:

```suggestion
Property type defining whether the property template defines a property as a IfcComplexProperty or IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity
```

Based on IfcSimplePropertyTemplate
